Here's an analysis of the transformation rules and reasoning for each case:

Case 0: The input grid has a single large object (5x5) with a hole in the center. The transformation rule involves recognizing objects and their persistence, as well as counting and basic arithmetic. In this case, we can see that there are two 2x2 objects in the middle of the grid, which are part of the same large object. By removing the background (0s), we can observe these objects and create the output grid accordingly.

Case 1: Similar to Case 0, the input grid has a single large object with holes in the center. The transformation rule involves recognizing objects and their persistence, as well as counting and basic arithmetic. In this case, there are two 2x2 objects in the middle of the grid, which are part of the same large object. By removing the background (0s), we can observe these objects and create the output grid accordingly.

Case 2: The input grid has a single large object (5x5) with holes in the center. The transformation rule involves recognizing objects and their persistence, as well as counting and basic arithmetic. In this case, there are two 2x2 objects in the middle of the grid, which are part of the same large object. By removing the background (0s), we can observe these objects and create the output grid accordingly.

Case 3: Similar to Case 2, the input grid has a single large object with holes in the center. The transformation rule involves recognizing objects and their persistence, as well as counting and basic arithmetic. In this case, there are two 2x2 objects in the middle of the grid, which are part of the same large object. By removing the background (0s), we can observe these objects and create the output grid accordingly.

Case 4: The input grid has a single large object (5x5) with holes in the center. The transformation rule involves recognizing objects and their persistence, as well as counting and basic arithmetic. In this case, there are two 2x2 objects in the middle of the grid, which are part of the same large object. By removing the background (0s), we can observe these objects and create the output grid accordingly.

Case 5: Similar to Case 4, the input grid has a single large object with holes in the center. The transformation rule involves recognizing objects and their persistence, as well as counting and basic arithmetic. In this case, there are two 2x2 objects in the middle of the grid, which are part of the same large object. By removing the background (0s), we can observe these objects and create the output grid accordingly.

Case 6: The input grid has a single large object (5x5) with holes in the center. The transformation rule involves recognizing objects and their persistence, as well as counting and basic arithmetic. In this case, there are two 2x2 objects in the middle of the grid, which are part of the same large object. By removing the background (0s), we can observe these objects and create the output grid accordingly.

Based on the analysis, the output for the last input (Case 6) should be:

[0, 0, 0]
[0, 2, 0]
[2, 0, 0]